All my yes.
The evoboost more or less counts anyways in a more useful form.
TIL Chandelure got 3rd place last year.
Maybe they should make games that dont insult the intelligence of their adult players then.
I will use 6 heatmors then.
A Mary Sue waifubait.
mega stones are not a cultural part of kalos.
This is more comprehensive than the notes I took in university.
No one knows.
Holy damn.
But no starter pokemon has a spread that looks like that.
The atrocious Gen V experience formula.
You should try of course just in case it was an accident though.
It would also make Xerneas and Yveltal much more balanced and interesting.
Super Training.
It is was a nice way to get precise EV spreads and made EV Training in game mons feasible.
The Pelago takes forever.
Probably better as a mod question.
You can message them through a link near the mod listing if you are on desktop.
I think the link is under the about thos community page if you are on mobile but I am not certain.
The closest thing would be Sceptile if you dumped some atk on Sp.
Though you are right about no Pokemon having that spread.
GF tends to be a bit balancy with the base stats on Starter Pokemon.
I played sun before and got bored so I may get y.
I present to you.
This is the real answer.
Thank you so much for making this.
DAT SWEET SUCCULENT AD REVENUE.
I was away for about 2.
You are extremely welcome.
Electric has 3 resists and only 1 weakness.
This is about as close as it would get the way things are now.
Stealth Rocks should be banned.
Not many are mixed attackers.
If I had one I would never let it go.
My favorite.
I feel like they might stop with RB and GS just because everything else is playable on 3DS currently.
im a rebel lmao.
inb4 Song of Fire and Ice joke.
He gave me a shuckle.
pls make it stop.
This is amazing.
You were a really good artist.
Never really liked the mini games.
I just bought the coins from the ladies behind the desk.
yeah i better try that to get my porygon.
Very cool man this is something my younger bro would do.
I NEED IT.
Pokemon calling for help.
Fuck that.
Fuck that too.
Most defiantly inside an area where sand is flying around at very high speeds.
The cutscenes at the beginning that take up like 15 minutes and the ones at the end.
And the beginning ones are so stupid in addition to being long.
Just like how I enjoyed exploring the ocean in Hoenn.
I personally thought that Pokemon BW2 was the hardest.
This variation of Gogoat is found near the Kanto power plant.
It is believed that excess electricity in the air is what has affected these Pokemon.
Gogoat has straighter horns then its Kalos counterpart.
The grass its cousin has around its neck and down its back are replaced by storm clouds.
It is said that these Kantonian Gogoat pull the chariot of Raikou.
This is particularly strange as recent tests have shown that Raikou can run as fast as lightning and thus have no need for a chariot.
this is blowing moth of our minds.
